[CF1] generic saml cert expiration (#20325)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/identity/idp-integration/generic-saml.mdx

The following example requires Cloudflare provider version `>=4.40.0`.
:::

1.  Add the following permission to your [`cloudflare_api_token`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/api_token):

>     - `Access: Organizations, Identity Providers, and Groups Write`

Author: ```suggestion
	- `Access: Organizations, Identity Providers, and Groups Write`
```

>     - `Access: Organizations, Identity Providers, and Groups Write`

Author: ```suggestion
	- `Access: Organizations, Identity Providers, and Groups Write`
```

> 1.  Add the following permission to your [`cloudflare_api_token`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/api_token):
> 
>     - `Access: Organizations, Identity Providers, and Groups Write`
> 
> 2.  Configure the [`cloudflare_zero_trust_access_identity_provider`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/zero_trust_access_identity_provider) resource:
> 
>         ```tf
>         resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_identity_provider" "generic_saml_example" {
>         	account_id = var.cloudflare_account_id
>         	name       = "Generic SAML example"
>         	type       = "saml"
>         	config {
>         		sso_target_url = "https://example.com/1234/sso/saml"
>         		issuer_url = "https://example.com/1234"
>         		idp_public_cert = "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\nXXXXX\n-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
>         		sign_request = false
>         		email_attribute_name = "email"
>         		attributes = ["employeeID", "groups"]
>         	}
>         }
>         ```
> 

Author: ```suggestion
1.  Add the following permission to your [`cloudflare_api_token`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/api_token):

	- `Access: Organizations, Identity Providers, and Groups Write`

2.  Configure the [`cloudflare_zero_trust_access_identity_provider`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs/resources/zero_trust_access_identity_provider) resource:

				```tf
				resource "cloudflare_zero_trust_access_identity_provider" "generic_saml_example" {
					account_id = var.cloudflare_account_id
					name       = "Generic SAML example"
					type       = "saml"
					config {
						sso_target_url = "https://example.com/1234/sso/saml"
						issuer_url = "https://example.com/1234"
						idp_public_cert = "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\nXXXXX\n-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
						sign_request = false
						email_attribute_name = "email"
						attributes = ["employeeID", "groups"]
					}
				}
				```

```

</TabItem> </Tabs>

:::caution

> Set a reminder noting when the signing certificate obtained from your generic SAML identity provider will expire. After the certificate expires, you will need to generate a new signing certificate and re-add it to your Cloudflare configuration via the Cloudflare dashboard or Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a reminder for the expiry date of the signing certificate obtained from your generic SAML identity provider. After the certificate expires, you will need to generate a new signing certificate and re-add it to your Cloudflare configuration via the Cloudflare dashboard or Terraform.
```
